# Deploying-research
Research by Ahmad, Rami, Eman, Farah.
# Deploying
### **What Is Deploying ??**
Once you’ve put in all the hard work of creating a website, you need to get it on the web so people can navigate to it and access its content. This process is called deployment. Deployment is a fancy word for ** “getting your website on the web ” **


### WHAT IS **PAAS**?

**P**latform **a**s **a** **S**ervice, often simply referred to as PaaS, is a category of cloud computing that provides a platform and environment to allow developers to build applications and services over the Internet. PaaS services are hosted in the cloud and accessed by users simply via their web browser.

### Why is it useful to be able to deploy your code to a cloud platform, rather than running it locally?
* people can navigate to it and access its content
* Using the internet, developers spread across several locations can work together on the same application build
* Security is provided, including data security and backup and recovery

### What services are there that can provide you with a platform for your code?

There are many PaaS providers that can help. For example, Heroku, Google App Engine, Amazon AWS and Engine Yard etc...
but you have to determine upon some of these topics :
* Security :Certificates and Accreditations.
* Storage :Economical, High-Scale Storage Choices.
* Support :Flexible Support Options.
* Database : Managed Relational Database Services,
* Developer Tools :Tools for Code Management and Deployment. etc....

### What is Heroku ?
Heroku is a cloud platform that lets companies build, deliver, monitor and scale apps.

#### Install Heroku:

* First create account in : https://www.heroku.com/

* activate ur acount by email.

* Install heroku by This command: wget -qO- https://cli-assets.heroku.com/install-ubuntu.sh | sh

* for more information about installation and other installation methods visit the link: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli

### Git start with Heruko:

####  Requirement:
* Account in heroku website.
* Node.js and npm Locally>

#### Prepare the app:
* Login to heroku by local terminal by this command: heroku login
* Clone the repo
* access to the repo folder
* heroku create
* Heroku generates a random name for the app, u can specify it’s name.
* Push the app in the heroku master by: git push heroku master
* Now u can see your app in the heroku account in dashboard.
* Ensure that your app is running By this command: heroku ps:scale web=1
* Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. U can open it directly or by command line: heroku open
* View information about your running app using: heroku logs –tail
* can stop streaming the log by: Control+C
